v1.2	- The disaster just got more disastous
Religious uproar disaster event (UaCH.103) now has a chance to turn the province Ibadi or Zoroastrian
Fixed missing ideas - Turns out you cant have 0.5 cavalry shock. Shocking.
Fixed double T1 government for OPMs. 
Added 14 disaster events ( 6 to low legitimacy, 8 to disloyal estates) # 3 more upcoming. One to switch to OPM tag upon low legitimacy (if there is one around).
Added 4 governor missions. +1 Currently Luri culture tags can resurrect Luristan, the others are in progress.
Added modifier to convert Legitimacy to Defensiveness and Siege ability. Finally works...
Nerfed requesting foreign support now it grants less, but adds trust
Shah Rukhs death now adds money and builds to forcelimit to AI govs and princes
#added KHI mission tree, wip - wont happen for now, pushed to later patch
Sultans Muhammad rebellion shouldnt send demands.... to Sultan Muhammad. Unless ISF is their vassal, theyll always side with TIM.

v1.3	- Difficult decisions
fixed OPMs not getting the missions. they all got Persian as primary culture even when the UI showed otherwise.
Fixed releasing vassals. Now they should properly get the Timurid governor government reform instead of being Iqta.
Fixed the Shah Rukhs corpse storyline. Now it triggers properly, added a new decision to try to steal his looks, with 2 new events, and a new monument 
added difficulty setting decision. I am Timur incarnate

v1.4	- Inky Pinky Ponky
added U69, Pink Arghunids. They spawn if anybody takes Kandahar, mtth 12 months, starting a civil war in Baluchistan. If they win, theyll come back as a governor, if they lose, BAL will join as interloper
added 5 interloper events ( -general interloper /mtth 600 months, at least 40% strenght to Herat/ -definitely interloper/mtth 120, specific tags (great powers mostly)/, considering interlopers /mtth 120, specific tags, mostly neighbors, strenght 60% to Herat/ and specific tags /ORM and BDK/ 

v1.5	- The Timurid Menace
added 3 icons to the government screen (Legitimacy-to-SiegeAbility-and-Defensiveness , Gawhar Shad events state, Difficulty setting). Set up with custom localisation
added different states to the Timurid map. 
commented out some missing locs
changed Timurid prince mechanics, first one now grants mp at cost of LD to a vassal. third one is nerfed, but gives more legitimacy
fixed difficulty setting, now only vassals of AI get it (and AI overlords of course), player vassals dont.
fixed AI being able to select difficulty (they couldnt anyway....)
removed almost all GS events for now, needs to be implemented - not like i feel doing that rn...
fixed OPM primary cultures. Turns out Kazakh and Uzbekh are Khazak and Uzbehk, actually.... Not to talk about nogaibak.

v1.51
fixed a missing bracket in events
fixed Legitimacy-To-Siege-Defensiveness icon tooltip
somehow the government icons fixed themselves. dont ask me how.
added a time limiter to Shah Rukhs corpse mechanic. The decision to intercept will become unavaible after 5 years.
tweaked the Gawhar Shad monument. Completing it now grants a selectable Persianization reward too.
changed OPM mission finisher. now it requires having 25 dev and either primary tag not existing, or being subject to the OPM. added 3 missing icons.
fixed difficulty settings not working properly. again.



